Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Good to see ya. Boss.
Back in this fuckin' place.
Not much better than my cell.
It's only for a couple days.right?
Yeah...one way or another.
This is the guy?
No. this their lawyer.
You do know that I'm convicted
of murder. right?
I'm out on bail on a million
and a half dollars.
I have 48 hours to pack up
me and my kid.
and find some non-extraditable
country
with good weather
and cheap drinks.
and you bring me
the wrong fucking guy?
Where's my money. Lloyd?
I'm working on it.
You're working on it?
We have a list.
People that worked with him.
People that might have had
access to the money.
You're sure?
He doesn't know
about anything else?
Now we don't have time to do
this thing clean. Lloyd.
So you get the guys and
you go down this list
and you kill them all.
And then you find my money.
understand?
Wives. families.
I don't give a fuck.
Whoever stole one bent
penny from my cash.
Will do.
Loud and messy. Lloyd.
Loud and messy.
I want to send them a message
they don't fuck with me.
And I want proof that
you did the job.
You earn your
respect with this.
and you'll be running
the show from here on out.
You fuck up.
and the next guy get a piece
of paper with your name on it.
Here. it keeps
real good time.
You got 48 hours.
Get in there!
That's right.
Does this look like a guy who
just struck it rich to you?
Me neither.
He does look guilty though.
Somebody gave you money
that doesn't belong to you.
No. no. I swear! I swear.
Shut up!
Freddie?
20 grand.
Outta all that money?
Cheap bastard.
Nice to be out of the city.
Out there on the open road.
Here. Why don't you. why don't
you work with this for a minute?
I know it's a lot.
all at once. kiddo.
But I think it's
the best thing for you.
I mean look around.
You have all this
space and fresh air.
Plus this will give us
all a chance
to get to know each other.
I mean Maggie's fantastic.
you know?
And I'm sure you and Lauren
will get along just fine.
How you holding up?
Is there something you
want to talk about?
Please leave me alone.
Lauren. I--
What?
What? Is there anything
that I can say
that's going to make us
turn the car around
and go back home?
Honey-- I understand
that this is a--
No. You don't understand.
Listen. I'm dealing
with this!
Just really don't want
to talk about it.
Please leave me alone.
Welcome home ladies.
Ah. my goodness!
Oh my god. look
at all this space!
Lauren?
What do you guys think?
You're out of your
mind it you think
I'm using that
clothesline for laundry.
Lauren. take your
brother upstairs
and help him pick out
a bedroom.
He's not my brother.
Come on.
They're going to be fine.
There you go.
All yours.
Can you believe it?
You're one
lucky little kid.
Knock yourself out.
Mom.
where do you want me to put
the cleaning supplies?
Uhh. just set them in
the basement by the sink.
Thank you.
In case anything
needs ant fixing.
You got a tiny
handyman in there?
Stick around. you'll
see what your man can do!
I can't wait.
I'm so tired I can't--
No. don't let it go!
I told you.
Oh come on. where's
your can-do spirit?
Look. she's right.
Look you've messed up
your arm.
Come on. let's do
this another time.
Yeah? All right.
Come on. honey.
Ready. one.
two. three. pull.
This is so stupid guys.
this isn't going to work.
Heh.
Hey sweetie. remember that
weekend at the cabin?
Hardwood floor. cheap wine.
no mattress.
Leave it.
You guys are so gross.
Sweetheart.
you are going to have
a completely different
idea of gross
when you get
to be our age.
Where's Owen?
You're suppose to watch him.
I was helping you move
the mattress!
Lauren. he's your brother now.
Responsibility.
Come on. help me find him.
Don't worry about it.
We'll figure it out.
Ow.
Owen?
Owen. are down here?
Hey. ding dong!
What do I look
like to you?
Do I look like your
babysitter? Cuz I'm not.
My mom may have signed on for
this bullshit. but I didn't.
If you want it so bad.
just take it.
Does this whole spooky silent
thing really work for you?
Come on!
We all good?
Let's get this done.
Se we can get home before our
beds get cold. yeah?
Hey Bigs. I'm gonna
need receipts
for the shells and the food.
Seriously?
Oh shit. no I got 'em.
Hey!
Guys...
Road trip rules. all right?
You need to make a call
you go through me.
Hey Elvis.
What's up with the glasses?
Is that what
you're going with?
For real?
Oh don't.
Don't what?
I can see you getting
all sentimental.
It's a big deal for me.
Us all being together
like a family.
Having Owen home again.
It's a big deal
for all of us.
I mean look at you. you're
climbing the wall right now.
Well it's not like I really
have anything else to do.
I've been thinking
about that.
this can't be easy for you.
And I think you
deserve a reward.
Bill. I thought we decided
we were gonna wait.
Fine.
I've been thinking about this.
You're 17 now.
and I'm sure a lot of the other
kids around here have one so.
say when we finish
tomorrow with the truck.
I take you up
the road to that place
and maybe we find you
a nice decent car.
Seriously?
Seriously.
I mean living way out here
you're going to need
transportation.
plus it'll really be
a big help with Owen.
[ banging on the door ]
Why don't you take you brother
and get him ready for bed?
Bill?Mom. what's going on?
You heard him.
Take Owen upstairs.
Come on twerp. let's get you
in your PJ's.
Is everything okay?
Kay the realtor brought
us some brownies.
She said she's going
to come by tomorrow
with some groceries from town
to get us started.
Oh.
I guarantee it's going
to get easier.
Wow. leaving already?
You wanna talk about it?
No.
Can I ask you aquestion?
Sure.
Is this what you
want for yourself?
Is this what you want for me?
I know that it's a lot
for you to process.
Us moving across town
is a lot to process.
You getting married to a
man you don't even know.
is a lot for
me to process.
But me coming
home from school
and finding all
my stuff in boxes--
It's kind of complicated.Lauren!
So why don't you explain
it to me then?
Jesus. Lauren.
Six months ago
I was a waitress.
My life was a dead end
until I met Bill.
I mean.
you know. life doesn't give
you a lot of chances.
but when it does
you have to grab them.
I just wanna go home.
Well this is your home.
Yes. it could be.
Lauren...
Hey. how 'bout just give
it to night. huh?
and tomorrow morning
it's a new day.
so fun. in our new house.
Please. sweetie.
Owen. it's me.
Ready for bed?
You're still gonna make with
the silent treatment buddy?
Look. I know
it's not easy for you
making the transition
from that structure
to all this freedom.
a new place.
Maggie. Lauren.
I mean. I know
it's gotta be tough.
How are two getting along?
Cut her some slack. okay?
None of this is easy
for her either.
Come on hoss. time
for the pills. Sit up.
Look uh--
I'm rally proud
of you buddy.
You're really doing it.
I mean. I knew you could.
and I've been telling
them for years
but they don't listen.
You keep up the good behavior.
sky's the limit.
Okay. we'll turn
on the internet.
and before we know it
I'll have you shopping down
at the car lot. Sounds good?
I love you.
Sleep tight.
What the fuck are you
doing back here?
If bill knew you were
up he'd shit himself.
Get the fuck up to bed.
Hold up. You got a tag.
Something smells good.
We're getting there.
Hey Hon. did you find the rest
of the kitchen boxes yet?
What?
We're going to be eating
with our hands again
if you don't
find those boxes.
[ knocking on the door ]
I think the realtor
lady's here again.
Huh?
Just...
[ screaming ]
What do you want?
No!
Maggie!
[ screaming ]
No!
Wait. wait.
Money!
Bill!
Please . don't...
Babe?
Wait. wait. wait!
You've got the wrong people.
No!
Mom?
No. no. no!
Do I Bill?
Get up!
No! No!
Fucker...Sit down!
Get the kids.
Get rid of the body.
Six months. fuck!
Sit the fuck down.
What did you do with
Mr. Bellavance's money?
Listen. we just moved here.
I don't know anything
about any money.
Neither did this guy.
Or this guy.
and this bitch
didn't know
anything about Mr. Bellavance's
money either.
I found this.
Hello in there.
Owen?
Owen? Owen?
Open the door.
Please open the--
Hi.
Oh no. looks like you
got a boo boo.
Owen. help!
Aaaaah!
Ah! Ah! Come on.
you don't understand.
Okay. my son is sick.
He was in the hospital--
Oh no. I get it!
Boss gets locked up
you see your shot.
It's a secret account. right?
I mean who's going to come
look for it but him.
Look. I didn't.
I didn't mean--
No you didn't mean
to get caught.
You didn't mean for
Mr. Bellavance to get out.
You certainly didn't mean for us
to come knocking.
What would you do for your son
motherfucker?
Owen. please.
Ahhhh!
Fuuuuuuck!
Stay with him.
It's those fucking kids.
Watch out
for the blades.
Get yourself cleaned up.
What's this? Ammo boo club?
No!
Fuck!
Think they're
gonna run?
Gonna run.
but they won't get far.
One piece of business first.
Wait.
Outside in the truck
there's a filing cabinet.
The money's inside.
and I can open it up
and just--
Please. please leave
my kids out of this.
Bill.
If we go out to that truck.
and there's not a cabinet
filled with cash.
it's not going to
be too late. paly.
Not to find those kids.
and make them see everything
that we're gonna do to you.
So?
Are you lying to me. Bill?
Owen. we have to go!
Owen. come on.
Shit.
Shit. shit. shit.
Let's go!
Come on!
Open it up.
Come on. come on.
Open 'em.
Shit.
Come on. open 'em.
Here we go. ready?Go. go. go. go.
Little sting.
Fuck! Ah!
Fuck!
Come on. Get in there!
Yeah. I saw a box
that said medical.
Here it is.
I think I'm gonna puke.
You're not gonna puke.
How the fuck do you know?
Oh shit.
You have 60 seconds
to open it up.
Aw. come on!
What the fuck you doing?
Bill.
You should've
left us alone.
Drop it.
You knew you took
that money.
someone was gonna
come looking for it.
My god. I don't want
any trouble.
Owen. let's go.
Owen. what the fuck
are you doing? Come on!
What the fuck happened?
These fucking kids!
They're a problem.
Well where'd they go?
Down in the woods.
Well go and find 'em
before they find someone
to tell their story to.
I'll stay here
and look for the cash.
Hey look Lloyd.
you don't understand.
When we were in the house
we found this box--
Was it full of money?
No. but the kid--
Stop fucking wasting time and go
find the fucking kids!
Fuck.
Ah!
Owen!
Owen. it hurts so bad!
[ inaudible ]
[ whimpering ]
Yeah.
Lloyd. I was just wondering
if you had the time.
Where the fuck are you. Lloyd.
Look. you know what.
I don't wanna know.
Just tell me
you got the money.
We found the guy.
And?
We're working on it boss.
Lloyd. I gave you two days.
I'm sitting here in this
dingy-ass trailer with my kid.
and we're waiting on you!
You have that money here
tonight.
or my last act as a free man
is gonna be sending some
guys after your ass!
You hear me?
Lloyd. you hear me?
Lloyd--
Christ.
What?Look at this.
What is this?
School bullies.
Look like they pushed our
boy one step too far.
Kid pretends to run.
gets them alone. bam.
That one last and eye.
the other one.
he might walk again someday.
I don't know.
Fuck.
Doctor said he wasn't
showing improvement.
Recommended sending to
an adult lockdown facility.
And then boom.
he just got out.
What happened?
Bellavance's money happened.
Our buddy Bill bought
his wackjob son
a get-out-of-jail free card.
Shit. How dangerous
is this kid?
Who cares?
We just need to get that money
and get the fuck outta here.
About that...
We gotta get those kids.
Did you see that?
What?
I thought I saw something
move up there.
Does this seem worth
it to you. man?
Shhh!
Come on. man. I'm serious!
You read the file.
What do you want.
let those kids get away?
No. I wanna go home.
I wanna see my wife. and then
I wanna see my girlfriend.
We've got a job to do.
or neither one of us are getting
out of here alive. okay?
Yeah but what you don't
understand is this shit.
this this is not the job!
No the job is shut the fuckup
and keep your eyes peeled!
Come on.
Oh shit. look.
Just pick it up.
Uh! Fuck!
Jesus Christ!
You okay?Get the fucking kids!
Aaaah!
[ screaming ]
Doesn't sound
like he's dead.
Maybe the little bastard doesn't
the sack to kill a man.
Lloyd.
You think he might
not be trying to kill us?
What's he trying to do then?
Might be trying to
have fun with us.
Sorry I'm running late.
but I brought the groceries.
Are you friends
with Mr. Rutlidge?
Yeah. yeah.
We're. uh. we're
just helping him move.
Is Mr. Rutlidge here?
Yeah. he's around back.
Is there anything
I can help you with?
I was just dropping
these. by.
but I can do that
some other time.
Get in the car. Freddie!
Hi.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Where are you going?
You got a stick.
good. come on.
You little fuck!
Come here. you little fuck.
Just fuckin' think
this is fun. huh?
You little fucking games!
Where you going?
Get up. Get up!
Come on. Come on buddy.
It was a good run. kid.
[ yelling ]
Aaaaah! Aaaah!
Stay away from me!
We made it.
Come on.
What?
Do you see something?
Owen?
Owen. come on.
I don't wanna go.
Owen?
Shit. Shit.
What are you doing?
You freak.
[ whistling ]
Freddie! Go get her!
You used me as bait?
Come on!
Get in!
You have five minutes to tell me
where the rest of the money is.
Was it worth it?
All the shit
you've been through.
All the people that died
for this fucking money.
Was it worth it?
You tell me.
Money's not worth dying for.
Tell that to your friends.
What are you gonna do
when you find it?
My job.
Really?
Yeah. I'm not stupid enough
to cross Mr. Bellavance.
You're not smart enough.
Bill and my mom saw
a chance they took it.
They died for it.
Yeah. well at least they
we rich for a minute.
You're just an errand boy.
You're wasting time.
No. No I'm not.
I'm buying it.
I don't have time
for this bullshit.
Holy shit!
What the fuck.
Lights out motherfucker.
Can you fucking
believe this shit?
Lloyd?
Fuck!
Fuck you kid!
Aaaaah!
Don't you hear the door?Come on.
Hey. what do you want?
Hey. come on back here!
Hey kid. come on back here!
Little shit.
Fuckin' punk.
Oh yeah.
[ laughing ]
That a boy. Lloyd.
Are you ready?
♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today